https://codepen.io/Luis_Garcia/pen/RwGexoe?editors=1100

 1. What is Semantic HTML? Is HTML with no CSS elements within it for altering the apperance
    2. What is HTML used for? is a computer language that is ued for web design
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? They define charachteristis and are at the begining 
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? usually used for the top heading and you are able to use it as mush as you want to
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes. img and a
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? <header>
    7. What is an id? id attribute is used to specify a unique id for an HTML element.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? any HTML element
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? once
    10. What is a class? an attribute assigned to elements
    11. What elements can I add a class to? any HTML element
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? as many times as you want
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? If the image is not able to be loaded/ accessed 
    15. How do I reference an id? #"name of id"s
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div. Section is a tag used to dfine what pat of the document you are at, while the div is used to group elements
    17. What is CSS used for? For altering the HTML in a webiste to be viewed
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page h2{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one. id is specfic and is only used once within html, say there is a word that you wants state changed but not anything like it then you would use a id. Classes can be used multiple times within HTML so more than one item cna be changed
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? ."class name"{ }
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? .human p{}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? A selector that that selects the child os a specified element, its usful to make changes to specific elements that are nested and not affect the rest of the code around it
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? div.sidebar{}
    24. What is a pseudo selector? What is a pseudo-class? a selector that selects elements that are in a specific state an changes them
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line-spacing:
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spacing:
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? text-transform
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? div{ border:1px dotted black;}
    29. How do I select everything on the page? You use a asterisk
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? You nest your comment between "/*, */"
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? rm "name of file.txt"
    34. Why should I use version control? So that you do not change the code that everyone is using and cuase bugs
    35. How often should I commit to github? Any time you have made a change
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push -u
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. Fork, clone, branch, change, add, and pull request

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element? Inline doesnt change the layout of the text when code is running while block alters it
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? its properties are absolute
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    .p        .span        .
    .ul       .a
    .div
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
